Improve secret access scoping in quarkus-kubernetes-config (#54261)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/kubernetes-config.adoc

By default, the xref:deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc[Kubernetes] extension doesn't generate the necessary resources to allow accessing secrets.
Set `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets.enabled=true` to generate the necessary role and corresponding role binding.

The generated `Role` automatically restricts read access to the secrets listed in `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets`, following the principle of least privilege.
If no secrets are specified, the role grants access to all secrets in the namespace.

> Additionally, the `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets-role-config.prefix-name` property prefixes the role name with the application name (e.g. `my-app-view-secrets`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, setting  the `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets-role-config.prefix-name` property to `true` will instruct the extension to prefix the role name with the application name (e.g. `my-app-view-secrets`).
```

By default, the xref:deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc[Kubernetes] extension doesn't generate the necessary resources to allow accessing secrets.
Set `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets.enabled=true` to generate the necessary role and corresponding role binding.

The generated `Role` grants read access to all secrets in the namespace by default.
Two opt-in properties tighten this following the principle of least privilege:

> * `quarkus.kubernetes-config.secrets-role-config.secret-names` — restricts the role to specific secrets by name.

Reviewer: Doesn't the application require access to all secrets defined by the Kubernetes config extension, though?
